fix: return AST import nodes from `parseImports` instead of strings (#966)
tact-lang/tact: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

> - Adapted resolveImports to handle AstImport objects from parseImports: PR [#966](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/966)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `parseImports` function now returns AST import nodes instead of raw strings: PR [#966](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/966)
```
